President Biden has warned Israel that
there are no excuses for not allowing
more Aid into Gaza the US military has
released more footage tonight of another
humanitarian Aid drop in Gaza 60 bundles
of food which they say provide more than
36,000 meals the United States says a
quarter of the population is now close
to famine our senior International
correspondent oliran has sent this
report from the Israel Egypt border a
warning it contains upsetting images
[Music]
sometimes War Kills Slowly and
quietly hunger attacking the tiniest
bodies the al- adwa health center in
Rafa is filling up with malnourished
infants like Ahmed who has lost half his
body weight during the
war children who survive the bombings
may not survive famine
[Applause]
[Music]
but here in Israel some blocking a
border crossing today family groups with
their Babes in Arms determined to stop
Aid that is desperately needed by
families in
[Music]
Gaza they pushed past Border Police as
they do twice a
week among the protesters Yael sabrio
who had to hide from Hamas on October
7th and who has a loved one trapped in
Gaza this is my uncle leor rudf she says
he's been a hostage
for1 days he's got a heart
condition he hasn't had any medication
for
days why aren't the hostage es getting
humanitarian
Aid the commander says I'm opening the
Border
today not today says the protest
organizer Ray
[Applause]
benheim and for a few hours they halt
the aid effort limited as it
is this is turning into a conference
ation now the Border Police are
threatening to drag the protesters away
they've been telling them they have to
move that they can't stay here but the
protesters are determined they don't
want a single a truck to get through to
Gaza you are a mother with a young baby
in your arms do you feel any concern for
the plight of the mothers and children
in Gaza because the UN is warning they
could starve without more
Aid get all the aid they want release
the hostages and they will get all the
aid everything on condition that the
hostages will be released but the
Ordinary People of Gaza aren't in a
position to release the hostages and and
yet you're blocking the aid that could
save their
lives I have real Sympathy for the
civilians in Gaza but the ones who are
hurting them is Hamas any truck that
goes by will not reach
civilians back in Rafa Aid did not reach
12-year-old yazan alafara who had cereal
py and needed good
nutrition here's how he looked before
the ravages of War before his family had
only scraps to feed
him his mother says he used to eat and
move and laugh and
play Yesterday yazan died from
malnutrition orar and BBC News at the
Israeli border